Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this picture, we are going to say this icon to look exactly like this.
Okay, now, if you able to do it, congrats.
Okay.
Now to do this, you're going to need to go back to this.
You could.
Okay.
Now, one of the reason we have to use the container was because we want to have access to lots of properties,
such as the decoration.
And then the box decoration.
Right.
Okay.
So now we can see color is going to be colors dark, black.
Is control and is safe and good.
Check it out.
Okay.
You can see it.
You can see it is not set in the moment.
So what are you going to need to do is you're going to change this color so you can see color is going
to colors.
Dot what?
Okay.
Is this a save and go check it out.
Okay, great.
Now you can make this path around that ship.
So a lot of buzz decoration.
We can see, by the way, this is going to be what our videos.
Thou art secular of that that is our road is going to be.
You can see 2010.
The void is going to go with it.
Okay.
I did.
You recover and then use control and that's the safe and go take it out.
Okay.
Great.
Now you can give pardon to this container.
So where can dance parties?
It's going to be at it said that's all that is all four sites you can do it by the end of ten.
Okay.
I tried to save all those, and maybe that's I could try to cover.
So it gets formatted for you.
Okay, great.
And I think this is way too bleak, right?
We can just use it.
Or probably.
Five.
Okay.
Go check it out.
As I keep trying it out to give your taste.
Okay.
I think this viewer is just small, right?
Again, I think there is no space.
Okay, let's go and check off our products.
Okay.
Right.
So all we can do is compare it with this.
Okay, so first of all, you're gonna need to give space between this and this.
So to do that.
This is the test we did.
It ends here.
Right.
And this is the other widgets.
So now we have at least something known as the five bucks.
Right.
Original cover.
Now we're going to be given the space.
We're gonna be given the space.
Horizontally.
That is from left to right.
You can see both.
I've been this video recently.
So for that, I'm going to be using words a bit so you can give it a space of ten days as to check.
It does first to see if it works right.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Great.
Right.
So now what else can we do to this?
We can then give a side to this test.
Stay.
Okay.
We can't give a font size.
It is what they have created.
It says to probably it's in.
Right.
Then we can as well say find.
Font.
Just see what this does first.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can make it both.
So you're going to see the foreign tweets for.
We.
Don't put.
Okay, there.
This content is safe and go check it out.
Great.
Hopefully is looking just like this and hopefully you can do this now.
If you are not able to.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this picture.